SSS:Work hard, and you will achieve your goal.SSS:My classmates were attracted by the library's most recent acquisitions.SSS:I hate the prodigal administration.SSS:His charm doesn't affect or impress me.SSS:The government has appropriated some funds for education.SSS:SSS:You can not rely on his assistance.SSS:They fall into different categories.SSS:He has got prepared to write a new chapter.SSS:We all approve of the commission of authority to him.SSS:Here is a local Jewish community.SSS:It was a complex problem.SSS:I am a computer operator.SSS:So far no correct conclusion has arrived at.SSS:He has good conduct.SSS:Heedless of consequences; carefree.SSS:This page is still under construction.SSS:That covers many consumer products.SSS:Where can I see my credit score?SSS:Cultural differences are always hugely played down.SSS:His evil designs were frustrated.SSS:This is a refrigerator of distinction.SSS:These are inactive elements.SSS:I can't make this equation come out.SSS:The product needs an expert evaluation.SSS:He has very regular features.SSS:This is our final offer.SSS:He always wants to be the focus of attention.SSS:A vast crowd impacted the square.SSS:It's a severe injury to my reputation.SSS:The company will institute a new payment policy.SSS:Investment is turning up sharply.SSS:The item of the contract still stands now.SSS:He wrote a journal of his travels.SSS:He's taking classes in car maintenance.SSS:Everything is absolutely normal.SSS:The results obtained must be checked.SSS:His participation is not welcomed.SSS:I plainly perceive some objections remain.SSS:The blood tests were positive.SSS:He hasn't realized his full potential yet.SSS:It happened previous to his arrival there.SSS:These are created by combining the primary colors.SSS:The receipt is your proof of purchase.SSS:This rifle ranges over a mile.SSS:Her motherland is in the tropical region.SSS:We need more elastic rules and regulations.SSS:My next conclusion is more relevant.SSS:I would get the neurosurgery resident down here.SSS:Resources management is an important business skill.SSS:He leads a very restricted life.SSS:I'll undertake for your security.SSS:They select him to their leader.SSS:Is it safe to site the power station here?SSS:This is just what I have long sought after.SSS:He is an expert in military strategy.SSS:The surveyor made a survey of the land.SSS:He studied Shakespeare's texts.SSS:It's a garden in the traditional victorian style.SSS:She got a transfer at the relay station.