SSS:We can't access the Internet.SSS:I hope he will be adequate to the job.SSS:Many garden plants are annuals.SSS:It was apparent to all that he was guilty.SSS:This is just an approximate figure.SSS:He was consistent in his attitudes.SSS:A scepter is the attribute of power.SSS:The law shall strictly protect civil rights.SSS:I can break the code of this box.SSS:He made a commitment to pay the rent on time.SSS:This area has not been covered by the communication net.SSS:His area of concentration is economics.SSS:He is in conference.SSS:Black and white shows a striking contrast.SSS:A cycle of the sun takes a year.SSS:Her resignation caused much public debate.SSS:He came to the meeting despite his illness.SSS:We measured the dimensions of the kitchen.SSS:His domestics are all in years.SSS:A wonderful idea emerged in my mind.SSS:Every man is liable to error.SSS:This music would sound more ethnic if you played it in steel drums.SSS:Let's establish some achievable goals first.SSS:Granted, it's not the most pleasant of jobs but it has to be done.SSS:It's handmade and hence expensive.SSS:All this is mere hypothesis.SSS:The advantage of this implementation is speed.SSS:His implication in the crime was obvious to all.SSS:Do not try to impose your belief upon others.SSS:We need an integration evaluation method.SSS:He worked in internal trade.SSS:The accident is under investigation.SSS:Raising money is your job.SSS:Put a label on your luggage.SSS:The watch has delicate mechanism.SSS:It is obvious that she is very clever.SSS:The report pointed out that social and occupational factors normally play an important part in determining mortality.SSS:He had no option but to agree.SSS:Output has tripled.SSS:How much will it cost overall?SSS:They parallel with one another.SSS:Here the autofocus parameters are adjusted.SSS:This is but one phase of the subject.SSS:I can predict something with great accuracy.SSS:Our principal problem is lack of time.SSS:This task is prior to all others.SSS:She is a real professional.SSS:Our project was scrubbed.SSS:He has been promoted to general manager.SSS:The old capitalist regime is on its last legs.SSS:Nothing can unsettle his resolution.SSS:I will retain my right.SSS:The lecture series falls naturally into three parts.SSS:He is taking statistics.SSS:I'll keep you posted on the status.SSS:Stress can be extremely damaging to your health.SSS:Subsequent events proved me wrong.SSS:The sum of 5 and 3 is 8.SSS:I went through by a summary method.SSS:In Guizhou, logging is undertaken in the forest areas.